Oh, my God, it's you.
I thought a moose was about to attack me.
It's breathing exercises.
Try seeing ghosts every day.
Astrid!
Let her be.
She hates me.
[ Laughs ]
Somehow, Richard's
death is still my fault.
You blame me for your mother's.
She's not dead.
And I didn't blame you.
I resented you.
There's a difference.
You weren't very nice.
No, you barely acknowledge my existence.
But we've done all right, haven't we?
Yeah.
Ever since I sold out and
got famous, we have gotten closer.
No, I started liking you before that.
Whoo!
Again with the creepy breathing!
It works.
I learned it at the
survivor's retreat where I met Rory.
Of course you did.
I was in shock after Richard died,
and I was working
on my unresolved feelings,